Spree Order People
================

This Spree extension adds the possibility of associating People (`Spree::Person` objects) to a `Spree::Order`. The idea is to include third-people "somehow interested" in the order purchase.

As a way of claryfing the gem purpose, examples of people would be:

- Beneficiaries of a purchase
- Passengers if the purchase has to do with traveling

Each `Spree::Person` is also associated to a `Spree::Address` object, in order to specify his/her address. Given that a `Spree::Address` instance already has name and contact info of someone, customization of this model is recommended.

Installation
------------

Add spree_order_people to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'spree_order_people', git: 'https://gitlab.acid.cl/sivicencio/spree_order_people.git', branch: '2-3-stable'
```
Note: this gem follows the `branch`pattern of any Spree extension, so it is advised to do specify the last stable branch.

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rails g spree_order_people:install
```
The installer will add some migrations to your Spree project, and will ask you to run them.

Now you are ready to use the `Spree::Person` model as needed.

Testing
-------

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_order_people/factories'
```

Copyright (c) 2014 Sebastián Vicencio, released under the New BSD License
